'Nina Dragus.'
'She was caught with a firearm.'
Pretty young girl. your daughter.
Get Nina out.
And she will handle the rest.
I need to get this man back to
London. And to get back to my daughter.
If something feels off.
anything at all. don't hesitate.
I never had a son.
I needed you to trust me.
Was mummy a serial killer?
This is fun.
Tibor sent us.
We're here to see Sebastian.
'Sorry. how do you know him?'
CARLA: 'We go way back.
But I haven't seen him in years.'
Come on!
Sebastian...
You found him then.
Tibor and I killed him. together.
Give me the address
of the safe house first.
No! No! No! No! No! No! Tibor?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
Hello? Police.
Yes. my pharmacy.
It's been broken into.
G... L3... 8...
What are you doing? That's my car!
I'm sorry.
Open the door!
- Open the door!
- I can't. I can't. I'm sorry. I need it.
No. wait! Hey! Hey!
For fuck's sake!
Hey. hey. you're not dying on me.
you piece of shit.
Mia?!
Mia!
Where are you? Where are you?
Oh. no. no!?
♪ ..M'en allant promener
♪ J'ai trouve l'eau si belle
♪ Que je m'y suis baigne
♪ Je me suis fait secher
♪ Sur la plus haute branche
♪ Un rossignol chantait...
What are you doing?
♪ Jamais je ne t'oublierai ♪
I was showing her my tomato plants.
Why did you take her?
Oh. she was hungry.
You were fast asleep.
I was trying to help.
OK.
Can I have her?
You won't have
a vegetable patch in London.
So little space for children there.
Carla...
please.
It's OK. It's OK. It's OK.
Keys. Where are my keys?
Where are my car keys?
Where did you leave them?
I left them right there.
Are you sure?
We'll walk.
Excuse me.
Come on!
I can't let you leave
until Tibor gets here.
We are going to leave.
And you...
you are going to let us.
It's not loaded. Olly.
Pull the trigger
if you don't believe me.
Take her upstairs. Hide.
What?
Go. Go.
Show me your fucking hands.
I need help!
It's OK. It's OK. It's OK. It's OK.
Etienne!
Please! Help me.
We need to get him inside.
Amber!
Olly...
Oh. my God.
You OK? Where's Mia?
She's upstairs.
She's safe. She's safe.
OK.She's safe.
It's OK. - I am so sorry.
- It's OK.
Do you have anything
to cut them with?
There are bolt cutters
in the storeroom.
Yeah. Go. It's OK. Go.
When was his last insulin shot?
Um... A couple of hours ago.
But. uh... he... he wasn't
responding. so I gave him more.
You gave him too much.
He's in hypoglycaemic shock.
La. la. la.
- No. - You alright?
- No.
Don't cut them.
Fucking do it.
No.
Try again.
Oh. my God. there you are.
Hi. Hi.
Hi.
Hi...
Are you smiling?
Love...
Love... we need to go.
we need to leave.
We need to go.
He's not
in a fit state to travel.
No. No. No. I don't mean him.
OK? I mean us.
Look. Amber.
you need to listen to me.
That old woman. she's not well.
She took Mia.
And I... I don't know
if she's lonely.
or... or what it is. but...
but she nearly didn't give her back.
And "Sebastian." Do you remember
the code word "Sebastian"?
If you wanna meet Sebastian.
you can't
cos he's in a fucking urn
on the mantelpiece.
Love. they killed him together.
Tibor's her son.
Say something. please.
Come on.
we need to fucking leave!
Say something!
I...
Look. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Let's get you cleaned up.
We can go in the morning.
Ah-boo.
Ah-woo-woo-woo.
Hey.
It's just me.
You nearly gave me a heart attack.
Sorry.
Are you OK?
Yeah.
Baby OK?
Yeah. she's sleeping.
We should leave.
Listen to me.
If the three of us leave
right now... without him...
our lives will still be in danger.
No. no. no. They're in danger here.
She has a fucking shotgun-No. if she was
going to kill you. you'd be dead already.
Why would you say
something like that?
Sorry...
Amber.
when you left home three days ago...
there was nothing more important to you than
the three of us together. Nothing has changed.
So why're you putting this guy first?
I would never do that.
No. you're doing...
you're doing it right now.
Olly... everything in my body...
is telling me
to just take you and Mia and run.
But we can't.
Then. don't fight it. I don't...
I don't understand.
I've been face-to-face
with these people.
Hey. and I have seen them...
I've seen...
They're never going to stop
unless I get him to court.
OK? So he's coming with us.
He's coming with us.
I need some air.
OK.
Mm.
'O'Neill.'
Will? Uh... This is. uh...
This is Olly. Amber's husband.
Olly.
Olly's phone is back up.
'Sorry. what was that.'
It's nothing.
Thank God. I was worried.
Are you OK? How's Mia?
She's fine. um... for now.
But... listen.
Amber and I are in danger.
We're getting a signal. but there's
interference. Is Amber with you?
Where are you?
'We're with Tibor's mother.'
Is Tibor Stone there?
'Yes.'
Locking GPS markers.
Olly. listen to me.
Pegasus could be tracking you.
'We need your address now. Then.
you need to pull the SIM from the phone.'
Another 30 seconds. - and we'll have him.
- Olly?!
Locating the cell site now.
'Olly!'
It's GL3 8XY.
Yeah. Got it. Now. pull the SIM.
Do it now. We're coming.
'Thank you. Thank you.'
Do we have him?
The SIM's been deactivated.
Fifteen-mile radius.
Half of Gloucestershire.
Impossible to search.
But I need to update Campbell. Stay
on it in case he comes back online.
- I've got an address for you.
- 'Fire away.'
Who is this? Where's Miles?
You will be dealing with me
from now on.
'Tell me you found Stone.'
Todd and her family. too.
We just had confirmation.
Perfect.
Well. we'll take it from here.
What's the post code?
'Will?
Give it to me.'
You seem anxious. Olly.
We had a disagreement.
He thinks I took his car keys.
But I didn't.
Right. Sure.
If she says
she didn't take your keys.
- she didn't take your keys.
- Don't.
What?
Don't!
So Etienne is your real name?
Olly told me about your father.
The ashes in the urn.
Sebastian.
Amber. what are you doing?
She's been trying to crack me the
whole time we've been on the road.
She's exhausting.
But you'd know that.
You're married to her.
Is it true?
You two killed him together.
How old were you?
Six. She held him down.
I slit his throat.
My husband used to beat us.
I knew one day he'd kill us
if we didn't do it to him first.
Etienne understood that.
Even as a boy.
No. He wasn't old enough to make
that kind of decision.
"Give me the first six years
of a child's life.
and you can keep the rest."
What does that mean?
It's a Kipling quote.
As in Rudyard.
Yes. I know -
the Jungle Book guy -
but what does it mean?
The early years
of a child's life are
the most formative
in shaping their character.
These foundational experiences have
a profound and lasting impact.
Oh. so then.
you know what he's done?
You know how many people
he's killed?
I'm sure every single
one of them deserved it.
Just like his father.
Etienne bought me this house.
So I'd be safe. Hidden.
And he'd know where to find me.
But he never comes.
Fucking gratitude?
I made you a survivor.
That's what it takes
to live in this world.
By the time I was sixteen...
I'd killed three men.
THAT'S what you made me.
You see... you were right about me.
And what about you. Amber? Hm?
My guess was that her father
had done some serious time.
You must know.
Her black-and-white view of the
world has to come from somewhere.
I don't think it's anything
to do with her father.
Your mother then?
Do you see her?
Treat her with respect?
Are you close?
No. not really.
Was that always the case?
She let you down. didn't she?
That's enough.
You internalise that
much more personally as a woman.
You're probably terrified
of turning out just like her.
We're leaving.
What is it?
It's alright. It's the NCU.
- What?
- I called O'Neill. We're gonna get the fuck out of here. We're safe.
Olly. Go and get Mia now.
Why? What-
Go and get Mia. now!
Etienne...
Amber come!
Lock the door.
Amber.
The three of you need to hide
till it's over.
Come on. Faster!
Give her to me.
It leads to the stable.
Go. Wait for me there.
What the fuck are we gonna do?!
We just wait.
He'll come. - Fucking wait?
- He'll come.
Just breath. OK?
They're reloading. Go.
Etienne...
Keep back.
Eight dead.
That leaves one more. And Nina.
How do you know she hit them all?
Mum doesn't miss.
Shh. OK.
Please don't.
Shh. shh-shh-shh.
No. No.
Shh. Please be quiet.
- Please be quiet. - Make her stop.
Shh.
Shh. I know. Shh.
I've got you. Shh. shh. shh.
Do something!
Look at me. I'm fucking trying!
Hi...
Hi. Look at me.
Hey. Hey. - Come on.
- Hey.
We need to move.
If we run. they will hear her. Hi.
Not them. You and me.
Have you lost your fucking mind?
You must be Carla.
Where is he?
Long gone.
Now I see where he gets it.
Go to hell.
You. too. I'm sure.
Hey. gorgeous. Can you
be quiet for us? Hey. Hey.
Aw.
We have a deal.
I'm not leaving my family.
Tibor. wait.
Amber...
Tibor...
I can still get you to court.
but they're coming. too.
We can still make it.
All of us together.
Just let him go.
Fuck him.
Jee!
Amber.
Amber. don't...
No. Stay.
I can't let them find us.
Amber.
No. No. don't...
No. stop it. You stay here. OK?
I'll be right back.
Just get ready to run.
It's OK.
It's OK. It's OK.
Etienne.
'Etienne!'
Where's Nina?
It's OK. It's OK. love.
NO-O-O-O!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm